{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 # CRD-operations-of-a-file-based-key-value-data-store\
This is a file which can be exposed as a library that supports the basic CRD(create, read, write) operations. Data store is meant to local storage for one single process on single laptop\
\
The data store will support the following :\
1. It can be initialized using an optional file path. If one is not provided, it will reliably \
create itself in a reasonable location on the laptop.\
2. A new key-value pair can be added to the data store using the Create operation. The key \
is always a string - capped at 32chars. The value is always a JSON object - capped at \
16KB.\
3. If Create is invoked for an existing key, an appropriate error must be returned.\
4. A Read operation on a key can be performed by providing the key, and receiving the \
value in response, as a JSON object.\
5. A Delete operation can be performed by providing the key.\
6. Every key supports setting a Time-To-Live property when it is created. This property is\
optional. If provided, it will be evaluated as an integer defining the number of seconds \
the key must be retained in the data store. Once the Time-To-Live for a key has expired, \
the key will no longer be available for Read or Delete operations.\
7. Appropriate error responses must always be returned to a client if it uses the data store in \
unexpected ways or breaches any limits\
8. The file size never exceeds 1GB\
9. The file is accessed by multi-threading\
\
\
Go through the accessing.py file and examples.pdf file that are attached here with in order to understand clearly how \
the code works and how to perform operations in this. \
}